This directory contains the files needed to build glibc for the Debian
GNU/Linux and GNU/Hurd distributions.

If you have pulled this version from CVS, you will probably need to go
and get the tar.bz2 files that match the file 'version'.  You can
generally find these at sources.redhat.com in pub/libc.  Put both the
regular glibc tar.bz2 *AND* the matching linuxthreads tar.bz2.  After
that follow the usual build procedures.  

Compiling the GNU C library yourself requires a lot of resources.  For
a complete build using dpkg-buildpackage you need at least 750MB free
disk space and at least 16MB of RAM and 32MB of swap space (if you
have only that much you're better off not running X at the same
time). Note that the C library on the Hurd is also somewhat larger:
you'll need over 800MB of free disk space to build Hurdish packages.

A complete build takes 45 minutes on a Pentium III 735Mhz machine, and
25 minutes to run the test suite.  The cause for this is the intricate
Makefile structure of glibc which needs a lot of computing power for
make to figure out the automatically generated dependencies.  If you
are building all of the optimized libraries for the IA32 family, allow
2.5 hours for this build.

For Linux, you will need at least the kernel headers for the specific
kernel version required for your machine's architecture. These are
specified in the `debian/sysdeps/linux.mk' file, and can be overridden
by exporting the environment variable LINUX_SOURCE set to the path to
the desired kernel.

For the Hurd, you will need to have installed the GNU Mach and Hurd
header files (which come with the `gnumach-dev' and `hurd-dev'
packages).  See the Hurd source package's `INSTALL' file for more
information.

Please consider reading the `FAQ' file in this directory.  It is also
suggested that you also read the `README' and `INSTALL' files in the
top-level of the glibc source tree.
