                  GNU/kFreeBSD IRC meeting, June 5, 2005
                  ======================================

Minutes
-------

People mentioned:
  aurel32: 	Aurelien Jarno
  braindmg:	Guillem Jover
  nyu:		Robert Millan
  sanvila:	Santiago Vila


1) The GNU/kFreeBSD LiveCD has been moved from the SVN repository to the
   FTP space on alioth.debian.org as suggested by braindmg.

2) gnuab (the machine hosting the kfreebsd archive) has been giving a 
   lot of problems in the past months. braindmg tell us they have been 
   partly solved but there is still some problem such as power outage.
   It would be nice, but not urgent to have a new machine/hosting 
   place. We could also live with it and try to get soon in the official
   archive.

3) We have to adopt all kbsd related packages that nyu maintains. 
   braindmg proposed to put them as team maintained. nyu is fine with
   that.

4) type-handling looks like a bit insane. Scott James Remnant is 
   implementing sane kernel and cpu split from dpkg. So we decided to
   continue to maintain type-handling as a deprecated technology until
   the new dpkg comes.

5) libpthread2 is causing a lot of packages to fail working because they
   have objects that depend on libpthread2.so, but they don't depend on 
   libpthread2.
   nyu explains this package comes from libpth. Initialy, he enabled 
   posix emulation in it to work as the standard pthreads for kfreebsd.
   But it turned out that libpth is not usable for providing pthreads, 
   so we switched back to linuxthreads.
   We need to rebuild all packages that depends on libpthread2, as well 
   as all package that have objects that depends on libpthread2.so

6) Colin Watson has started working on porting d-i to the Hurd. We need 
   to contact him so we can benefit from the changes to de-linuxize d-i.

7) nyu mentioned that kfreebsd5-headers is built from kfreebsd5-source, 
   so when the kernel is updated, there's a chance that glibc breaks.

8) The post-sarge released will use gcc-4.0 and glibc-2.3.5. So we need
   to start to port them to be ready for the change.

9) nyu explained why there is no java in the current gcc-3.3. It is 
   because the boehm-gc was not ported to gcc-3.3. The gcc-3.2 boehm-gc
   had important issues: it didn't fix gc to split glibc checks out of 
   "linux" checks and kfreebsd checks out of freebsd checks instead it 
   created a GLIBC_FREEBSD macro or something and used it altogether.
   So it is better to backport the boehm-gc from gcc-3.4 to gcc-3.3.

10) aurel32 noticed his machine is not enough powerfull to follow the 
    sid development. braindmg explained that sanvila will set up a 
    buildd.

11) We need to do something to increase the visibility of the port. 
    braindmg suggest to send periodic reports on debian-devel or dwn.

12) It has been decicided to do regular IRC meetings every other Sunday
    at 19:00 UTC. We can change that later if it's not convenient.



Action points
-------------

* braindmg:		talk with Colin Watson about d-i
* aurel32:		rebuild all packages that are still using lipthread2
* braindmg:		work on util-linux
* aurel32:		get the out-of-date packages down to 220 by 20050611
* aurel32:		update gcc to 3.3.6 and add java support
* aurel32 & braindmg:	adopt packages from nyu
* braindmg:		send a status of the port to debian-devel


