=head1 NAME

locale - Get locale-specific information.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<locale> B<[> C<-a> | C<-m>B<]>

B<locale> B<[> -ck B<]> I<name>...

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The I<locale> program writes information about the current locale
environment, or all locales, to standard output.

When invoked without arguments, I<locale> summarizes the current
locale environment for each locale category defined by the LC_*
environment variables.

B<-a>, B<--all-locales>

	Write names of available locales.

B<-m>, B<--charmaps>

	Write names of available charmaps.

=head2 Output Format:

B<-c>, B<--category-name>

	Write names of selected categories.

B<-k>, B<--keyword-name>

	Write names and values of selected keywords.

=head1 ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES

LC_CTYPE

	Character classification and case conversion.

LC_COLLATE

	Collation order.

LC_TIME

	Date and time formats.

LC_NUMERIC

	Non-monetary numeric formats.

LC_MONETARY

	Monetary formats.

LC_MESSAGES

	Formats of informative and diagnostic messages and
	interactive responses.

LC_PAPER

	Paper size.

LC_NAME

	Name formats.

LC_ADDRESS

	Address formats and location information.

LC_TELEPHONE

	Telephone number formats.

LC_MEASUREMENT

	Measurement units (Metric or Other).

LC_IDENTIFICATION

	Metadata about the locale information.

=head1 AUTHOR

I<locale> was written by Ulrich Drepper for the GNU C Library.

This manpage was written by Joel Klecker E<lt>espy@debian.orgE<gt> for
the Debian GNU/Linux system, and expanded by Alastair McKinstry
E<lt>mckinstry@computer.orgE<gt>
