.TH LOCALEDEF 1 "Feb 10, 2002"
.SH NAME
localedef \- compile locale definition files
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B localedef
.RB [ \-f
.IR charmapfile ]
.\" This option is ignored by the localedef program.
.\" To avoid confusion, I decided not to list it in the synopsis.
.\" .RB [ \-u
.\" .IR codeset ]
.RB [ \-i
.IR inputfile ]
.RB [ \-\-force ]
.RB [ \-\-verbose ]
.RB [ \-\-posix ]
.RB [ \-\-quiet ]
.I outputpath
.br
.B "localedef \-\-version"
.br
.B "localedef \-\-help"
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B localedef
program reads the indicated
.I charmap
and
.I input
files, compiles them to a form usable by the
.BR locale (7)
functions in the C library, and places the six output files in the
.I outputpath
directory.
.PP
If no
.I charmapfile
is given,
.I POSIX
is used by default.
If no
.I inputfile
is given, or if it is given as
.BR \- ,
.B localedef
reads from standard input.
.SH OPTIONS
Most options can have either short or long forms.  If multiple short
options are used, they can be combined in one word (e.g.
.BR \-cv ).
If an option takes an argument, the argument can be given separately
as the next word, or it can be written as option=argument.
.TP
.BI \-f " charmapfile" ", \-\-charmap=" charmapfile
Specify the file that defines the symbolic character names that are
used by the input file.  If the file is in the default directory for
character maps, it is not necessary to specify the full pathname.
This default directory is printed by
.BR "localedef \-\-help" .
.TP
.BI \-i " inputfile" ", \-\-inputfile=" inputfile
Specify the locale definition file to compile.  If
.I inputfile
is not absolute,
.B localedef
will also look in the directory specified by the environment variable
.B I18NPATH
and in the default directory for locale definition files.  This default
directory is printed by
.BR "localedef \-\-help" .
.TP
.B "\-c, \-\-force"
Write the output files even if warnings were generated about the input
file.
.TP
.B "\-v, \-\-verbose"
Generate extra warnings about errors that are normally ignored.
.TP
.B \-\-quiet
Suppress all notifications and warnings, and report only fatal errors.
.TP
.B \-\-posix
Be strictly POSIX conformant.  Implies
.BR \-\-verbose .
This option currently has no other effect.  Posix conformance is
assumed if the environment variable
.B POSIXLY_CORRECT
is set.
.TP
.BI \-u " codeset" ", \-\-code\-set\-name=" codeset
This option is accepted but ignored.
.TP
.B "\-h, \-\-help"
Print a usage summary and exit.  Also prints the default paths used by
.BR localedef .
.TP
.B "\-V, \-\-version"
Print the version number, license, and disclaimer of warranty for
.BR localedef .
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B POSIXLY_CORRECT
The
.B \-\-posix
flag is assumed if this environment variable is set.
.TP
.B I18NPATH
The default directory for locale definition files.
.SH FILES
.TP
.B /usr/share/i18n/charmaps
Usual default charmap path.
.TP
.B /usr/share/locale
Usual default output path.  See the output from
.B "localedef \-\-help"
for the paths used in your version.
.TP
.IB outputpath/ LC_COLLATE
One of the output files.  It describes the rules for comparing strings
in the locale's alphabet.
.TP
.IB outputpath/ LC_CTYPE
One of the output files.  It contains information about character
cases and case conversions for the locale.
.TP
.IB outputpath/ LC_MONETARY
One of the output files.  It describes the way monetary values should
be formatted in the locale.
.TP
.IB outputpath/ LC_MESSAGES/SYS_LC_MESSAGES
One of the output files.  It contains information about the language
messages should be printed in, and what an affirmative or negative
answer looks like.
.TP
.IB outputpath/ LC_NUMERIC
One of the output files.  It describes the rules for formatting
numbers in the locale.
.TP
.IB outputpath/ LC_TIME
One of the output files.  It describes the rules for formatting
times and dates in the locale.
.TP
.IB outputpath/ LC_PAPER
One of the output files. It describes the default paper size 
in the locale.
.TP
.IB outputpath/ LC_NAME
One of the output files. It describes the rules for formatting
names in the locale.
.TP
.IB outputpath/ LC_ADDRESS
One of the output files. It describes the rules for formatting
addresses, and other location information in the locale.
.TP
.IB outputpath/ LC_TELEPHONE
One of the output files. It describes the rules for formatting
telephone numbers in the locale.
.TP
.IB outputpath/ LC_MEASUREMENT
One of the output files. It describes the rules for measurement in the
locale, e.g. Metric or other units.
.TP
.IB outputpath/ LC_IDENTIFICATION
One of the output files. It identifies the elements within the locale.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR locale "(5), " locale "(7), " locale (1)
.SH AUTHOR
The program was written by Ulrich Drepper.
.PP
This manpage was written by Richard Braakman <dark@xs4all.nl> on
behalf of the Debian GNU/Linux Project and anyone else who wants it.
It was amended by Alastair McKinstry <mckinstry@computer.org> to 
explain new ISO 14652 elements.
The manpage is not supported by the GNU libc maintainers and may be
out of date.
.SH STANDARDS
This program conforms to the POSIX standard P1003.2
