.\" Copyright 1998 Marcus Brinkmann (brinkmd@debian.org)
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one
.\" 
.\" Since the Linux kernel and libraries are constantly changing, this
.\" manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date.  The author(s) assume no
.\" responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\" 
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.\"
.\" Modified Mon Jul 12 18:40:00 1998 by Marcus Brinkmann <brinkmd@debian.org>
.TH TZCONFIG 8 "12 June 1998" "Debian" "Debian Timezone Configuration"
.SH NAME
tzconfig \- set the local timezone
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B tzconfig
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page explains how you can use the
.B "tzconfig"
utility to set the local timezone. This is necessary to let your system know about the
difference between system time and local time (the time in the real world). It is also
necessary to make your system behave nicely when your location uses Daylight Savings Time.

A valid system time together with the correct local time zone will give you best performance
and highest reliablility. It is especially important in a network environment, where even small
time differences can make a mirror refetch a whole ftp site, or where time stamps on
external file systems are used.

.B tzconfig
is called without any parameters from the shell. First it presents the current setting and asks
for verification to change it.

You may press
.B Ctrl-C
to interrupt the script at any time.

After you made your choice,
.B tzconfig
will try to change the timezone for you. See the
.B Internals
section below for technical details. You must have root privilegies to actually change
anything. Please use
.BR tzselect (1)
as a user space command to just look at the timezones. It will print the local time in any
timezone recognized by the system.
.SH "A WORD OF WARNING"
What timezone is correct for your system? It depends on the geographical location of the machine.
Getting the correct location is important, but
the system must also know how your hardware clock is set. Most DOS based PCs set their hardware 
clock on Local Time, while most UNIX systems set their hardware clock to UTC.

The Debian GNU/Linux system gains its knowledge of this setting
from the file 
.IR /etc/default/rcS .
This file contains either the line 
.BR UTC=yes , 
which indicates that the hardware clock is set to UTC, or it contains the line
.BR UTC=no ,
which declares the hardware clock is set to Local Time. If these setting are correct, and the hardware
clock is truely set as indicated, then configuring the proper timezone for the machine
will cause the proper date and time to be displayed. If these are not set correctly, the the
reported time will be quite incorrect. See
.BR hwclock (8)
for more details on this topic.

.SH Internals
The work done by
.B tzconfig
is actually pretty simple. It just updates the link
.I /etc/localtime
to point to the correct timezone installed in
.IR /usr/share/zoneinfo/ .

There is nothing wrong with doing this manually. However, using
.B tzconfig
you don't have to remember the path to the timezones.
.SH FILES
.I /etc/timezone
.BR
.I /etc/localtime
.BR
.I /usr/share/zoneinfo
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR hwclock (8)
.BR tzselect (1)
.BR rcS (5)
.SH AUTHOR
Copyright 1998 Marcus Brinkmann <brinkmd@debian.org>
.BR
Edits Copyright 1998 Dale Scheetz <dwarf@polaris.net>

Please see nroff source for legal notice.







