sys/bsm/*.h                             usr/include/bsm
sys/cam/*.h                             usr/include/cam
sys/cam/ata/*.h                         usr/include/cam/ata
sys/cam/scsi/*.h                        usr/include/cam/scsi
sys/contrib/altq/altq/*.h		usr/include/altq
sys/contrib/pf/net/*.h                  usr/include/net
sys/dev/acpica/*.h                      usr/include/dev/acpica
sys/dev/an/*.h                          usr/include/dev/an
sys/dev/bktr/ioctl_bt848.h		usr/include/dev/bktr
sys/dev/bktr/ioctl_meteor.h		usr/include/dev/bktr
sys/dev/firewire/*.h                    usr/include/dev/firewire
sys/dev/hwpmc/*.h                       usr/include/dev/hwpmc
sys/dev/ic/*.h                          usr/include/dev/ic
sys/dev/ieee488/*.h                     usr/include/dev/ieee488
sys/dev/iicbus/*.h                      usr/include/dev/iicbus
sys/dev/lmc/*.h                         usr/include/dev/lmc
sys/dev/mpt/mpilib/*.h                  usr/include/dev/mpt/mpilib
sys/dev/ofw/*.h                         usr/include/dev/ofw
sys/dev/pbio/*.h                        usr/include/dev/pbio
# pcireg.h is needed by oss4
sys/dev/pci/*.h				usr/include/dev/pci
sys/dev/powermac_nvram/*.h              usr/include/dev/powermac_nvram
sys/dev/ppbus/*.h                       usr/include/dev/ppbus
sys/dev/smbus/*.h                       usr/include/dev/smbus
sys/dev/speaker/*.h                     usr/include/dev/speaker
sys/dev/usb/*.h                         usr/include/dev/usb
sys/dev/utopia/*.h                      usr/include/dev/utopia
sys/dev/vkbd/*.h                        usr/include/dev/vkbd
sys/dev/wi/*.h                          usr/include/dev/wi
sys/fs/cd9660/*.h                       usr/include/fs/cd9660
sys/fs/coda/*.h                         usr/include/fs/coda
sys/fs/devfs/*.h                        usr/include/fs/devfs
sys/fs/fdescfs/*.h                      usr/include/fs/fdescfs
sys/fs/fifofs/*.h                       usr/include/fs/fifofs
sys/fs/hpfs/*.h                         usr/include/fs/hpfs
sys/fs/msdosfs/*.h                      usr/include/fs/msdosfs
sys/fs/nfs/*.h				usr/include/fs/nfs
sys/fs/ntfs/*.h                         usr/include/fs/ntfs
sys/fs/nullfs/*.h                       usr/include/fs/nullfs
sys/fs/nwfs/*.h                         usr/include/fs/nwfs
sys/fs/portalfs/*.h                     usr/include/fs/portalfs
sys/fs/procfs/*.h                       usr/include/fs/procfs
sys/fs/pseudofs/*.h                     usr/include/fs/pseudofs
sys/fs/smbfs/*.h                        usr/include/fs/smbfs
sys/fs/tmpfs/*.h                        usr/include/fs/tmpfs
sys/fs/udf/*.h                          usr/include/fs/udf
sys/fs/unionfs/*.h                      usr/include/fs/unionfs
sys/geom/*.h                            usr/include/geom
sys/geom/bde/*.h                        usr/include/geom/bde
sys/geom/cache/*.h                      usr/include/geom/cache
sys/geom/concat/*.h                     usr/include/geom/concat
sys/geom/eli/*.h                        usr/include/geom/eli
sys/geom/gate/*.h                       usr/include/geom/gate
sys/geom/journal/*.h                    usr/include/geom/journal
sys/geom/label/*.h                      usr/include/geom/label
sys/geom/linux_lvm/*.h                  usr/include/geom/linux_lvm
sys/geom/mirror/*.h                     usr/include/geom/mirror
sys/geom/mountver/*.h			usr/include/geom/mountver
sys/geom/multipath/*.h                  usr/include/geom/multipath
sys/geom/nop/*.h                        usr/include/geom/nop
sys/geom/part/*.h                       usr/include/geom/part
sys/geom/raid/*.h			usr/include/geom/raid
sys/geom/raid3/*.h                      usr/include/geom/raid3
sys/geom/shsec/*.h                      usr/include/geom/shsec
sys/geom/stripe/*.h                     usr/include/geom/stripe
sys/geom/vinum/*.h                      usr/include/geom/vinum
sys/geom/virstor/*.h                    usr/include/geom/virstor
sys/net/bpf.h                           usr/include/net
sys/net/bpfdesc.h                       usr/include/net
sys/net/bridgestp.h                     usr/include/net
sys/net/if_arc.h                        usr/include/net
sys/net/if_arp.h                        usr/include/net
sys/net/if_atm.h                        usr/include/net
sys/net/if_bridgevar.h			usr/include/net
sys/net/if_dl.h                         usr/include/net
sys/net/if_gif.h                        usr/include/net
sys/net/if_gre.h                        usr/include/net
sys/net/if_lagg.h			usr/include/net
sys/net/if_llc.h                        usr/include/net
sys/net/if_media.h                      usr/include/net
sys/net/if_mib.h                        usr/include/net
sys/net/if_sppp.h                       usr/include/net
sys/net/if_stf.h                        usr/include/net
sys/net/if_tap.h                        usr/include/net
sys/net/if_tapvar.h                     usr/include/net
sys/net/if_tun.h                        usr/include/net
sys/net/if_types.h                      usr/include/net
sys/net/if_var.h                        usr/include/net
sys/net/if_vlan_var.h                   usr/include/net
sys/net/iso88025.h                      usr/include/net
sys/net/netisr.h                        usr/include/net
sys/net/netisr_internal.h		usr/include/net
sys/net/ppp_defs.h			usr/include/net
sys/net/pfkeyv2.h                       usr/include/net
sys/net/radix.h                         usr/include/net
sys/net/raw_cb.h                        usr/include/net
sys/net/route.h                         usr/include/net
sys/net/slcompress.h                    usr/include/net
sys/net/vnet.h                          usr/include/net
sys/net/zlib.h                          usr/include/net
sys/net80211/*.h                        usr/include/net80211
sys/netatalk/aarp.h                     usr/include/netatalk
sys/netatalk/at.h                       usr/include/netatalk
sys/netatalk/at_extern.h                usr/include/netatalk
sys/netatalk/at_var.h                   usr/include/netatalk
sys/netatalk/ddp.h                      usr/include/netatalk
sys/netatalk/ddp_var.h                  usr/include/netatalk
sys/netatalk/endian.h                   usr/include/netatalk
sys/netatalk/phase2.h                   usr/include/netatalk
sys/netgraph/*.h                        usr/include/netgraph
sys/netgraph/atm/*.h                    usr/include/netgraph/atm
sys/netgraph/atm/ccatm/*.h              usr/include/netgraph/atm/ccatm
sys/netgraph/atm/sscfu/*.h              usr/include/netgraph/atm/sscfu
sys/netgraph/atm/sscop/*.h              usr/include/netgraph/atm/sscop
sys/netgraph/atm/uni/*.h                usr/include/netgraph/atm/uni
sys/netgraph/bluetooth/drivers/bt3c/*.h usr/include/netgraph/bluetooth/drivers/bt3c
sys/netgraph/bluetooth/drivers/h4/*.h   usr/include/netgraph/bluetooth/drivers/h4
sys/netgraph/bluetooth/drivers/ubt/*.h  usr/include/netgraph/bluetooth/drivers/ubt
sys/netgraph/bluetooth/hci/*.h          usr/include/netgraph/bluetooth/hci
sys/netgraph/bluetooth/include/*.h      usr/include/netgraph/bluetooth/include
sys/netgraph/bluetooth/l2cap/*.h        usr/include/netgraph/bluetooth/l2cap
sys/netgraph/netflow/*.h                usr/include/netgraph/netflow
sys/netinet/icmp_var.h                  usr/include/netinet
sys/netinet/if_atm.h                    usr/include/netinet
sys/netinet/igmp_var.h                  usr/include/netinet
sys/netinet/in_gif.h                    usr/include/netinet
sys/netinet/in_pcb.h                    usr/include/netinet
sys/netinet/in_var.h                    usr/include/netinet
sys/netinet/ip_carp.h                   usr/include/netinet
sys/netinet/ip_dummynet.h               usr/include/netinet
sys/netinet/ip_ecn.h                    usr/include/netinet
sys/netinet/ip_encap.h                  usr/include/netinet
sys/netinet/ip_fw.h                     usr/include/netinet
sys/netinet/ip_mroute.h                 usr/include/netinet
sys/netinet/ip_var.h                    usr/include/netinet
sys/netinet/pim.h                       usr/include/netinet
sys/netinet/pim_var.h                   usr/include/netinet
sys/netinet/sctp*.h                     usr/include/netinet
sys/netinet/tcp_debug.h                 usr/include/netinet
sys/netinet/tcp_fsm.h                   usr/include/netinet
sys/netinet/tcp_seq.h                   usr/include/netinet
sys/netinet/tcp_timer.h                 usr/include/netinet
sys/netinet/tcp_var.h                   usr/include/netinet
sys/netinet/tcpip.h                     usr/include/netinet
sys/netinet/udp_var.h                   usr/include/netinet
sys/netinet6/in6_gif.h                  usr/include/netinet6
sys/netinet6/in6_pcb.h                  usr/include/netinet6
sys/netinet6/in6_var.h                  usr/include/netinet6
sys/netinet6/ip6_mroute.h               usr/include/netinet6
sys/netinet6/ip6_var.h                  usr/include/netinet6
sys/netinet6/ip6protosw.h               usr/include/netinet6
sys/netinet6/nd6.h                      usr/include/netinet6
sys/netinet6/pim6.h                     usr/include/netinet6
sys/netinet6/pim6_var.h                 usr/include/netinet6
sys/netinet6/raw_ip6.h                  usr/include/netinet6
sys/netipsec/*.h                        usr/include/netipsec
sys/netipx/ipx.h                        usr/include/netipx
sys/netipx/ipx_if.h                     usr/include/netipx
sys/netipx/ipx_pcb.h                    usr/include/netipx
sys/netipx/ipx_var.h                    usr/include/netipx
sys/netipx/spx.h                        usr/include/netipx
sys/netipx/spx_debug.h                  usr/include/netipx
sys/netipx/spx_timer.h                  usr/include/netipx
sys/netipx/spx_var.h                    usr/include/netipx
sys/netncp/*.h                          usr/include/netncp
sys/netsmb/*.h				usr/include/netsmb
sys/nfs/*.h				usr/include/nfs
sys/nfsserver/*.h			usr/include/nfsserver
sys/nfsclient/*.h                       usr/include/nfsclient
sys/opencrypto/*.h                      usr/include/opencrypto
sys/sys/_bus_dma.h			usr/include/sys
sys/sys/_callout.h			usr/include/sys
sys/sys/_cpuset.h			usr/include/sys
sys/sys/_iovec.h                        usr/include/sys
sys/sys/_lock.h                         usr/include/sys
sys/sys/_lockmgr.h                      usr/include/sys
sys/sys/_mutex.h                        usr/include/sys
sys/sys/_null.h                         usr/include/sys
sys/sys/_rwlock.h                       usr/include/sys
sys/sys/_semaphore.h                    usr/include/sys
sys/sys/_sx.h                           usr/include/sys
sys/sys/_stdint.h			usr/include/sys
sys/sys/_task.h                         usr/include/sys
sys/sys/_termios.h			usr/include/sys
sys/sys/_timeval.h                      usr/include/sys
sys/sys/_types.h                        usr/include/sys
sys/sys/acct.h                          usr/include/sys
sys/sys/agpio.h                         usr/include/sys
sys/sys/assym.h                         usr/include/sys
sys/sys/ata.h                           usr/include/sys
sys/sys/bio.h                           usr/include/sys
sys/sys/bitstring.h                     usr/include/sys
sys/sys/blist.h                         usr/include/sys
sys/sys/buf.h                           usr/include/sys
sys/sys/bufobj.h                        usr/include/sys
sys/sys/bus.h                           usr/include/sys
sys/sys/bus_dma.h			usr/include/sys
sys/sys/callout.h                       usr/include/sys
sys/sys/cdio.h                          usr/include/sys
sys/sys/cdrio.h                         usr/include/sys
sys/sys/chio.h                          usr/include/sys
sys/sys/condvar.h                       usr/include/sys
sys/sys/conf.h                          usr/include/sys
sys/sys/cons.h                          usr/include/sys
sys/sys/consio.h                        usr/include/sys
sys/sys/copyright.h                     usr/include/sys
sys/sys/cpuset.h                        usr/include/sys
sys/sys/ctype.h                         usr/include/sys
sys/sys/dataacq.h                       usr/include/sys
sys/sys/device_port.h                   usr/include/sys
sys/sys/devicestat.h                    usr/include/sys
sys/sys/disk.h                          usr/include/sys
sys/sys/disklabel.h                     usr/include/sys
sys/sys/dkstat.h                        usr/include/sys
sys/sys/domain.h                        usr/include/sys
sys/sys/dvdio.h                         usr/include/sys
sys/sys/elf32.h                         usr/include/sys
sys/sys/elf64.h                         usr/include/sys
sys/sys/elf_common.h                    usr/include/sys
sys/sys/elf_generic.h                   usr/include/sys
sys/sys/endian.h                        usr/include/sys
sys/sys/event.h                         usr/include/sys
sys/sys/eventhandler.h                  usr/include/sys
sys/sys/eventvar.h                      usr/include/sys
sys/sys/exec.h                          usr/include/sys
sys/sys/extattr.h                       usr/include/sys
sys/sys/fbio.h                          usr/include/sys
sys/sys/filedesc.h                      usr/include/sys
sys/sys/filio.h                         usr/include/sys
sys/sys/fnv_hash.h                      usr/include/sys
sys/sys/iconv.h                         usr/include/sys
sys/sys/imgact.h                        usr/include/sys
sys/sys/imgact_aout.h                   usr/include/sys
sys/sys/imgact_elf.h                    usr/include/sys
sys/sys/inflate.h                       usr/include/sys
sys/sys/interrupt.h                     usr/include/sys
sys/sys/ioccom.h                        usr/include/sys
sys/sys/ioctl_compat.h                  usr/include/sys
sys/sys/jail.h                          usr/include/sys
sys/sys/joystick.h                      usr/include/sys
sys/sys/kbio.h                          usr/include/sys
sys/sys/kenv.h                          usr/include/sys
sys/sys/kernel.h                        usr/include/sys
sys/sys/kerneldump.h                    usr/include/sys
sys/sys/kobj.h                          usr/include/sys
sys/sys/kthread.h                       usr/include/sys
sys/sys/ktr.h                           usr/include/sys
sys/sys/ktrace.h                        usr/include/sys
sys/sys/libkern.h                       usr/include/sys
sys/sys/limits.h                        usr/include/sys
sys/sys/linker.h                        usr/include/sys
sys/sys/linker_set.h                    usr/include/sys
sys/sys/lock.h                          usr/include/sys
sys/sys/lock_profile.h                  usr/include/sys
sys/sys/lockf.h                         usr/include/sys
sys/sys/lockmgr.h                       usr/include/sys
sys/sys/malloc.h                        usr/include/sys
sys/sys/mbuf.h                          usr/include/sys
sys/sys/mchain.h                        usr/include/sys
sys/sys/md4.h                           usr/include/sys
sys/sys/md5.h                           usr/include/sys
sys/sys/mdioctl.h                       usr/include/sys
sys/sys/memrange.h                      usr/include/sys
sys/sys/module.h                        usr/include/sys
sys/sys/mouse.h                         usr/include/sys
sys/sys/msgbuf.h                        usr/include/sys
sys/sys/mutex.h                         usr/include/sys
sys/sys/namei.h                         usr/include/sys
sys/sys/nlist_aout.h                    usr/include/sys
sys/sys/osd.h                           usr/include/sys
sys/sys/pciio.h                         usr/include/sys
sys/sys/pcpu.h                          usr/include/sys
sys/sys/pioctl.h                        usr/include/sys
sys/sys/pipe.h                          usr/include/sys
sys/sys/posix4.h                        usr/include/sys
sys/sys/priority.h                      usr/include/sys
sys/sys/proc.h                          usr/include/sys
sys/sys/procfs.h                        usr/include/sys
sys/sys/protosw.h                       usr/include/sys
sys/sys/ptio.h                          usr/include/sys
sys/sys/random.h                        usr/include/sys
sys/sys/refcount.h                      usr/include/sys
sys/sys/resourcevar.h                   usr/include/sys
sys/sys/rman.h                          usr/include/sys
sys/sys/rtprio.h                        usr/include/sys
sys/sys/runq.h                          usr/include/sys
sys/sys/sdt.h                           usr/include/sys
sys/sys/selinfo.h                       usr/include/sys
sys/sys/sigio.h                         usr/include/sys
sys/sys/signalvar.h                     usr/include/sys
sys/sys/snoop.h                         usr/include/sys
sys/sys/sockio.h                        usr/include/sys
sys/sys/soundcard.h                     usr/include/sys
sys/sys/sx.h                            usr/include/sys
sys/sys/sysctl.h                        usr/include/sys
sys/sys/sysent.h                        usr/include/sys
sys/sys/syslimits.h                     usr/include/sys
sys/sys/sysproto.h                      usr/include/sys
sys/sys/systm.h                         usr/include/sys
sys/sys/taskqueue.h                     usr/include/sys
sys/sys/timepps.h                       usr/include/sys
sys/sys/timers.h                        usr/include/sys
sys/sys/timespec.h                      usr/include/sys
sys/sys/timex.h                         usr/include/sys
sys/sys/tree.h                          usr/include/sys
sys/sys/tty.h                           usr/include/sys
sys/sys/ttycom.h                        usr/include/sys
sys/sys/ttyqueue.h                      usr/include/sys
sys/sys/time.h				usr/include/sys/kern
sys/sys/types.h				usr/include/sys/kern
sys/sys/ucred.h                         usr/include/sys
sys/sys/unpcb.h                         usr/include/sys
sys/sys/user.h                          usr/include/sys
sys/sys/vmmeter.h                       usr/include/sys
sys/sys/vnode.h                         usr/include/sys
sys/ufs/ffs/*.h                         usr/include/ufs/ffs
sys/ufs/ufs/*.h                         usr/include/ufs/ufs
sys/vm/*.h                              usr/include/vm

# FIXME: kFreeBSD >= 9 provides its own version in sys/compat/linux/,
# however upstream doesn't use them.  For now they prefer the ones
# from v4l_compat port (and yes, they're installed in linux dir).
misc/videodev.h				usr/include/linux
misc/videodev2.h			usr/include/linux

# FIXME: FreeBSD osreldate.h is not a kernel header. We're currently
# abusing this path for __FreeBSD_kernel_version definition (needed
# by glibc).
misc/osreldate.h			usr/include
